Adds documentation for httpd zero config (#457)
paketo-buildpacks/paketo-website: content/docs/howto/web-servers.md

be deprecated in Apache HTTP Server Buildpack v1.0.0. To migrate from using
`buildpack.yml` please set the `$BP_HTTPD_VERSION` environment variable.

### Automatically Generate an `httpd.conf`

The Apache HTTPD Server Buildpack supports building static
applications that do not include an  `httpd.conf`. When the `BP_WEB_SERVER`
environment variable is set to `httpd`, the buildpack will generate an
`http.conf` during the build process.

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER=httpd
{{< /code/copyable >}}

It is possible to configure the generated `httpd.conf` in several ways. Each option is configurable with an environment variable or service binding, as seen below. 

#### Set the Root Directory for Static Files
The `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT` variable allows you to modify the location of the static files
served by the web server. Set the `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT` variable to an
absolute file path or a file path relative to `/workspace`. For example,
setting `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT=my-build-directory` changes the file path of
served files to `/workspace/my-build-directory`.

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT=htdocs
{{< /code/copyable >}}

#### Enable Push-State Routing

> The `BP_WEB_SERVER_ENABLE_PUSH_STATE` variable to enable push state routing functionality.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BP_WEB_SERVER_ENABLE_PUSH_STATE` variable enables push state routing functionality. This is useful for single-page web applications.

```

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER_ENABLE_PUSH_STATE=true
{{< /code/copyable >}}

> #### Redirect HTTP Requests to HTTPS
> The `BP_WEB_SERVER_FORCE_HTTPS` variable allows to enforce HTTPS for server connnections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Redirect HTTP Requests to HTTPS
The `BP_WEB_SERVER_FORCE_HTTPS` variable enables enforcing HTTPS for server connnections. HTTP requests will be redirected to the corresponding HTTPS endpoint.
```

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER_FORCE_HTTPS=true
{{< /code/copyable >}}

#### Set Up Basic Authentication

> You are able to provide basic authentication credentials via an `htpasswd` type
> [service bindings][service-binding] specifying the contents of a `.htpasswd`
> file. The service binding should have the following directory structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to provide basic authentication credentials via a
[service binding][service-binding] of type `htpasswd` that specifies the contents of a `.htpasswd`
file. The service binding should have the following directory structure:
```

```plain
binding
└── type
└── .htpasswd
```

### Start an HTTPD Server at App Launch Time

> Include an `httpd.conf` file in your application's source code. The HTTPD Paketo buildpack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include an `httpd.conf` file in your application's source code or set `BP_WEB_SERVER=httpd` in the build environment to automatically generate one. The HTTPD Paketo buildpack
```

be deprecated in Apache HTTP Server Buildpack v1.0.0. To migrate from using
`buildpack.yml` please set the `$BP_HTTPD_VERSION` environment variable.

### Use Default httpd.conf

The Apache HTTPD Server Buildpack supports the ability for a user to just
provide a static application without having a `httpd.conf` and the buildpack
will now generate a default `httpd.conf`. In order to activate this workflow
the `BP_WEB_SERVER` environment variable must be set to `httpd`.

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER=httpd
{{< /code/copyable >}}

While this will provide a default configuration there are a few modifications
that can be made to this `httpd.conf` by setting the following environment
variables and service bindings.

> #### Using BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set the Root Directory for Static Files
```
Not sure if the wording is clear, but my intent is to _describe_ what the env var does, rather than just naming it.

> The `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT` variable allows you to modify the location of the static files
> served by the web server by assigning the `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT` variable with an
> absolute file path or a file path relative to `/workspace`. For example,
> setting `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT=my-build-directory` would change the file path of
> served files to `/workspace/my-build-directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT` variable allows you to modify the location of the static files
served by the web server. Set the `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT` variable to an
absolute file path or a file path relative to `/workspace`. For example,
setting `BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT=my-build-directory` changes the file path of
served files to `/workspace/my-build-directory`.
```

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT=htdocs
{{< /code/copyable >}}

> #### Using BP_WEB_SERVER_ENABLE_PUSH_STATE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enable Push-State Routing
```

The `BP_WEB_SERVER_ENABLE_PUSH_STATE` variable to enable push state routing functionality.

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER_ENABLE_PUSH_STATE=true
{{< /code/copyable >}}

> #### Using BP_WEB_SERVE_FORCE_HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Redirect HTTP Requests to HTTPS
```

> The `BP_WEB_SERVE_FORCE_HTTPS` variable allows to enforce HTTPS for server connnections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BP_WEB_SERVER_FORCE_HTTPS` variable allows to enforce HTTPS for server connnections.
```

{{< code/copyable >}}
BP_WEB_SERVER_FORCE_HTTPS=true
{{< /code/copyable >}}

> #### Basic Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set Up Basic Authentication
```

You are able to provide basic authentication credentials via an `htpasswd` type
service binding specifying the contents of a `.htpasswd` file. The service

> binding will have the following directory structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
binding should have the following directory structure.
```

> binding will have the following directory structure.

Reviewer: Could you link here to the service binding / configuration docs?
